Hon, Minister, Member, Select Committee, House of Representatives.
Good afternoon and welcome to the Social Services and the Exli Committee.
So we have the Ministry of Sport, Pacific Peoples, this afternoon too, give us some information
regarding that long-term insights briefing. And I think we have Jordan and Bernadette with
us. We've got a 45-minute here. Time is yours if you want to leave some time towards the end
for questions, please, for what we're going to do so.
Fafte Lava and thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. Firstly, if I
can just introduce Bernadette Scanlon, our Deputy Secretary of Policy and Insights, who will
be responding with me today. And if you just bear with me, I just have some opening comments,
which will take about 10 minutes. So can I just begin by acknowledging the enduring
kinship ties that bind Māori and Pacific peoples in this nation? These are not new
connections formed by migration alone. They are ancient relationships shaped by navigation,
shared cosmologies, and here in New Zealand, as early as the 1920s and 1930s, by the long-standing
role of iwi in welcoming and hosting and looking after Pacific families as they made their homes
on these shores and within the boundaries of various iwi around the country. There's
no other country in the world that can claim this strong kinship link with Pacific
nations. Through the development of this briefing, we heard many stories of iwi exercising their
stewardship role, extending their resources, their manaki tanga, and their services to
ensure Pacific peoples and families were cared for. These stories matter because they remind
us that Pacific settlement in New Zealand has always been relational, grounded in whakapapa,
place, and mutual responsibility. Over generations, these relationships have
deepened into marriages, shared communities, shared churches, shared schools, shared
struggles, and increasingly shared opportunities have produced a growing cohort of
people who claim rightly and proudly kinship ties to both Māori and Pacific
worlds. This is not a marginal phenomenon. It's a distinctive and consequential demographic shift
underway in New Zealand. The long-term insights briefing deliberately places a ring around
this population, not because they are separate, but because ethnic classification can render them
statistically invisible, even as the influence becomes increasingly visible in our communities,
our classrooms, and our workplaces. If we want good long-term policy, we need to be honest
about who's coming through the gate. And what the data is telling us is striking. The average age
of people who identify with both Māori and Pacific whakapapa is only 15 years of age. It compares
with Māori at 26 years of age and Pacifica at 24 years of age, and then non-Māori and non-Pacific,
38 years of age. So the Māori Pacific demographic is half the age of the non-Māori, non-Pacific
population. In demographic terms, this is not simply a young population. It's a very young
population. Many are children now and nearly all are New Zealand's future workforce. We shouldn't
be surprised that they are predominantly based in our major urban areas. Auckland, most prominently,
but also Wellington, Christchurch, and Dunedin, while at the same time establishing growing
footprints in rural and regional areas, such as Northland, Waikato, South Canterbury, Otago, and
in Bikago. This combination matters. It positions this cohort at the intersection of both our urban
productivity engines and our regional revitalisation efforts. So what does this mean for New Zealand's
future productivity and contribution to the workforce? Firstly, quite simply, they will be
essential. As our broader population ages, labour force growth will increasingly depend on Māori
and Pacific peoples and particularly on those with dual whakapapa who are coming of age in
significant numbers. This group will shoulder a growing share of workforce participation,
the tax base, the care economy, and the creative industries. The question is not whether they will
contribute, but whether our systems will be ready to support them to contribute at their full potential.
Secondly, this cohort brings unique strengths that are highly aligned with the future of work.
Many are inherently biocultural or multicultural navigators. They are custom to operating
across worlds, to our Māori and Pacific worlds, home and institution, whenua and city.
In the labour market, increasingly shaped by collaboration, relational skills, adaptability,
and cross-cultural competence, these capabilities are not nice to have. They are productivity
assets. But, and this is where the briefing is deliberately honest, there are also future
challenges if we get this wrong. We are already seeing persistent disparities in educational
attainment, housing security, health outcomes, and exposure to the justice system for Māori
and Pacific peoples. If policy settings fail to recognise the compound realities of young people
with dual identity, we risk reproducing those inequities into the next generation at considerable
social and fiscal cost. There is also a classification challenge. When people are required
to choose a single ethnicity, the lived experience of people can be flattened, and the policy
responses can miss the mark. Education pathways, employment services, and wellbeing supports
are often designed for one identity or another, when the reality for many of these young people
is often both and sometimes neither comfortably. Yet, the opportunities are just as real as the
risks. We can already see amazing glimpses of what this kind of partnership can look like in practice.
The relationship between the Central Pacific Collective and Ngāti Taurangatira provides
a tangible example through the partnership initiatives such as our whāne, where mana whenua
have made available their land for a home ownership approach focused on the delivery of warm,
healthy, long-term homes, homes designed for Pacific people to put down their roots,
rather than cycle through insecurity. These are not homes built in isolation.
They are deliberately located in schools, public transport, health services, and community supports,
recognising that stable housing, access to education, and proximity to care are deeply interconnected.
Ngāti Taurangatira's role as mana whenua brings a strong place-based lens and intergenerational
stewardship, while the Central Pacific Collective contributes deep Pacific-led insight into
whānau needs, affordability pressures, and cultural patterns of living. The project also takes an
inclusive social value approach to delivery, strengthening access to employment and business
opportunities, and helping ensure the economic benefits of development are shared with the
community's most affected by housing need. This approach supports capabilities, skills,
and long-term resilience by remaining open, transparent, and focused on achieving the
best outcomes for whānau communities and the wider system. Together, this approach demonstrates
what is possible when iwi leadership and resources and Pacific community capability are aligned,
creating housing that supports well-being, educational continuity, and workforce
participation over the long term, rather than short-term fixes. For many young people,
with dual Māori and Pacific whakapapa, iwi is really part of their lived reality through
whenua, marae, education, faith, and whānau collections. Creating space for iwi to engage
more closely in conversations about education pathways, employment, well-being, and place-based
development offers an opportunity to ground national policy and local knowledge,
cultural continuity, and intergenerational wisdom.
Just as importantly, this cohort offers New Zealand a chance to foster greater understanding
of cross-out communities. Younger people who move with confidence between different worlds
have the potential to act in a global sense as translators and bridge builders,
strengthening social cohesion, challenging false binaries, and modelling a more
relational way of being a global citizen. Supporting this does not dilute identity, it
deepens it, positioning this briefing not simply as a reflection on Pacific futures,
but as a statement of New Zealand's future, the workforce we are becoming, and our readiness
to thrive in an increasingly global and diverse economy. So we offer this briefing to the
committee and that spirit as an invitation to think long, think relationally, and to work alongside
iwi communities and young people themselves as we lay the foundation for New Zealand's communities
of tomorrow. Thank you so much for listening and Bernard Edge and I welcome questions.
Questions? Members, I might kick off. There's a sort of comments,
question about the bridges in your point. You may be able to get the connections between Māori
and Pacifica. Initially I was lucky enough to visit the Aotearoa village about two years ago
and I won and my colleague, Hon. Ōkā Genes Alisa, spoke to me and in initial comments
they stopped recently a translation or the translator went to translate. I was speaking
in Māori or Māori or Māori if I can't remember exactly, but they stopped the translator and said
no no we understand and it was just a fascinating connection, such a long way between New Zealand
and Taiwan but it did lead me to look more closely into the Austronesian
which grows all across the Pacific and the peoples that connects all of us and obviously
New Zealand was the last major landmass to be settled but it's this Pacific going
peoples connected through language and culture right across the Pacific. So I just a comment
and I think it's important my first to understand and reflect on as we connect to the blue continent.
Thank you.
Thank you for that. I'm particularly interested in rangatahi and unemployment. Is there anything
in particular you can talk to around education, employment, pathways into employment
to that rangatahi specifically?
One of the things that was strikingly obvious to us is how
young people see themselves as part of the solution, not part of the problem
and this piece in particular was designed to bring visibility to the two sides of the coin.
Firstly that there is a risk if we don't do anything and secondly the huge opportunity
that comes with being more purposeful about how we design the policies. So the main thing here
is to bring visibility because they told us directly we are not the problems to be fixed.
We are the partners in the solution. So this is a commitment we have to the rangatahi.
And in terms of those solutions that they might be suggesting do you have any more
that you can add to that? I think it's easy for us to focus solely on government responsibility
and I'll come to that. The thing that I found very interesting was that when our rangatahi
if they're enrolled with the iwi the iwi collects their data as rangatahi Maori.
So when we met with iwi they were like oh but they're Maori. So even for iwi to say oh maybe we
now need to collect more information because we see everyone as Maori and we know that they're
Pacific but they're Maori first here. So in the first instance for the iwi that we talked to
coming to this understanding that the rangatahi have multiple identities that they may
feel a strong affinity for is really important. In terms of the second part government's
responsibility if agencies can't see these people then it's very hard to develop solutions for it.
So in the first instance while this is a think piece to encourage public conversations about
long-term issues it is also something that we will socialise with other agencies so that they
understand that this dynamic does exist and look to make use of those opportunities.
It's a joy to hear when you talk about dual hakapa those things they're quite a it's not a common
statement you'll hear in a select committee not when our shoulders are soft you know usually
it's something else rolling up in it and maybe a little bit more of a contingent issue but
here to hear it in such a way that you can see the future coming you know it's there
post and ages and I noticed when you talk and I was a little bit sort of 12 and 26 and 38 and
what that is setting us up for is it is a very young population so how do we organise
how do we inspire how do we resource and then get out of their way those sorts of things I
I guess I that that has that's a heightened interest for me and then to that end I what are you finding
or seeing or feeling when you from Ngāti Tua down the scene and then if you reflect up to the
Tāi Tokero so you're talking right up and now where Willow and I are from are you finding the
same sorts of things from an iwi or an hapū type engagement are you finding those things are happening
further north what we found is people migrate to different areas of the country for different
reasons the challenge that we heard from participants is they say they're too Māori for
their Polynesian peers and too Polynesian for their Māori peers and it can make them
feel left out so I guess the visibility issue I can't
reinforce how important that is to this cohort and it's important for all the reasons that we
have discussed around productivity and contribution to our tax base when they can thrive going forward
thank you thank you I'm particularly interested in your insight number two which is around the
digital landscape and I just wonder what currently are the barriers to you know the Māori Pacific
children in getting into that space and developing those skills I'm going to
give an opportunity to Bernadette to talk but I think in the first instance it's different
depending how old you are so for our older generation often it's a digital divide having
access to computers knowing how to use computers with our younger generation
their ability to access some kind of device is much greater I'll just see
our report findings showed that there's still an access barrier as well as capability up if needed
there is a difference between being a digital native to being digital literature and so just
because you have access to cell phones and you can use it on a daily basis doesn't mean you're
going to be able to cloud your future be able to utilise AI to the optimal state so it's about
trying to provide the access provide the capability uplift and there is a desire for our Māori Pacific
youth to have that they want to be self-determinant they want to be able to upskill and actually
be digitally literate which I think is amazing and we need to foster I just thought kids were
born for knowledge to understand yeah I might supplement actually because we're sort of at a
massive inflection point in terms of technology right now we're in it and the ability to code
isn't necessarily required anymore but the ability to get the right prompts to an AI to do the
coding for you is but it's also that's also language and culture can help inform that
so there's there's the data sovereignty piece which is probably increasingly important but also
challenging because to access these tools which are designed offshore and and the resources can
be built offshore don't naturally take no significant account so this is a I'm not expecting any any
you know answers that that sort of console all these things is everyone's grappling with
this globally honestly the interest in what your insights about are about how young people can
not just be consumers but prosumers or producers and this is an incredible affliction point which
everyone's grappling with here and and around the world yeah of course it insight who also talks
about the specific data sovereignty and money data sovereignty and a key aspect of that is
take yeah doing exactly what you said taking ownership to develop some of the tools because
if we don't we're going to have natural biases embedded in whatever we are adopting in New Zealand
so making sure that you've got that diversity of thought in the not just the application but
in terms of the actual development and processing of and the manufacturing of these products that
we're going to be utilizing is vital to make sure that we are utilizing it best for our people
and having that diversity in the development means you remove those biases and if I can just add
from personal experience the people developing our policies have huge wisdom and insight and
experience and unfortunately with that comes a lot of risk averseness and so you know when you're
dealing with 15 year olds their ability to find solutions for themselves is they call it their
super power and if I think of my own children for example I saw a message pop up in my mail
and it's some app to stealth writing or something like this so I need to have a conversation with
my son about that because obviously he's needing to write something and knows that that the system
will be better so how then do we keep up with our young people and with technology when we're actually
on a different way sometimes and we come with a lot of wisdom and experience that may prevent us from
making the decisions in time for it to have a policy impact and that age difference is so
important for us to be aware of as agencies so that we can be mindful of it.
Might ask one more something and I don't know if I don't know if another's up but just sort of
circling back to my first comment really is just in this sort of incredible acceleration
technology and trying to ensure that these are New Zealand's focus and you know and our
population groups here you know here and their data sovereignty is important but very challenging
one to try with how quickly technology is changing but is there an option and or is
there any thinking around trying to include you know the Austronesian grouping of a better term
across the Asia Pacific you know who have a lot of similar interests and concerns around exactly
the same thing. The important challenge into that but no doubt there's opportunity to embrace that as well.
We have one initiative at the moment the game on initiative you'll be you might be surprised to
know that New Zealand is you know almost world leaders in the creation of games in the gaming
industry and we have a project at the moment that is working with the gaming industry
with some NGOs and with us to provide internship opportunities for young people to learn about the
opportunities because they are so creative and so when you give them the opportunity to focus that
creativity into an industry like gaming then we think that this is one of the pathways that
we can use. We haven't looked more broadly at the moment but New Zealand is great at a lot of
these areas that we don't amplify that often how good we are in some of these spaces.
And we have the I think the single biggest population groups of Paul Inzion
who was on the planet right and so we have we have a superpower in terms of that connectivity
to the Pacific.
I think the superpower is old too like it's super old like you referred to in your open statement so
I think it's a revitalised energy really and but anyway so fiberfully yes yes so you know that
group and so I you know if we're when we're trying to really understand more
in this regard anyway that's at this committee having people that are right on that line doing
those things young vibrant and the planned and they've got an idea and I ran into them the other day
at the airport and they were like running into me and they were just so full of
youthful smart driven people yeah these two young stunning women so I mean I just wanted to have you
have a group or a firm or organization that you're connected with and would you recommend that we'd
bring them in here so they could talk to us about what they think is good a good future going ahead.
If I may if I just go back to your first point what are the beautiful things about
dealing with this particular cohort is how respectful they are of Matua so they look at age
with a respectful lens and this is a very different characteristic when dealing with
non Māori non Pacific so it is about they embrace wisdom but they also know that
because they help their parents and their grandparents that there's a big gap between
what they know and so I just wanted to acknowledge the deep respect that they have for whakapapa
and kinship. In terms of Fibre Whale they do wonderful work in our community
and I've spoken with them a number of times and I really want to support their desire to have a
really strong business offering so they do a lot of work in the community that offer a lot of
and they provide access to laptops and they do AI training they also don't want to give away
their expertise for free and they've been really clear on that which is absolutely what they should
do so we will continue to navigate that space because as you were aware there are various
procurement roles and things like that that we have to navigate with them. Thank you.
New question and will it get? Thank you. Sorry I might have missed it in your
corridor earlier and in the report but of that cohort have you identified the tribal affiliations,
the Iwi affiliations? Not all of them. Have you kind of got a picture of?
Yes it's complicated, far more complicated so Iwi don't capture all although now they're very
interested the Iwi that we talk to. The second is depending on who the dominant person is in the
household some of the and it goes back to I'm too Māori for my Polynesian peers and too Polynesian
for my Māori peers there's a lot of interest in reconnecting those whakapapa ties and then there's
some that are really clear they know who they're iwi is and they proudly manage both so it's not as
straightforward as that. Because you did identify where they sort of concentrated and of course I
think of being Ngāpuhi and one in five Ngāpuhi so I'm assuming there's going to be a lot of them
I mean if Ka'a Nau Sepuloni I suppose person was here she would say she has these mokopuna
both Pasifika and Māori and Ngāpuhi by the way but I also think like I organised a whānau reunion
along with my cousin back in 2006 and to our surprise half of the whare was full of Tongan
Māori relations that we didn't actually know existed until the whānau reunion and then you find out
ancestor went to Tonga and had five wives and there are a whole lot of you know descendants from that
life living primarily in South Auckland and first time really making that connection back to the Marae
so I was interested in if through census and if we're losing census how do we try and capture
this data and those connections and then support that reconnection to and strengthening when we know
identity security that sense of identity can make such a huge difference yeah so just
wondering because it comes through in the report so much so I'm like what are the mechanisms
I'll get Bernadette to talk to the data but if I can just say that one of the drivers
that we found in doing this work is that when Pacific people marry outside of a Pacific culture
they marry a Māori first so that's the dynamic at the moment it may change in the future
but at the up until the point that we did this Pacific Mac people marrying outside Pacific
will more likely marry a Māori next so this was one of the foundational questions when we
decided to embark on this work is what does this look like now we know it's 94,000 people
approximately and I think one of the chemists just from the and this altarp is how invisible
this dual population is within data within existing research and that's primarily because
the mechanisms we are collecting using data in the sense that whether it be prioritised ethnicity
or that you have to in your interactions with any government agencies all the service
providers you have to opt for one ethnicity that's diluting the multi ethnicity component
and so when you start asking about specificities or sub ethnicity with tribes or hapu it's just
going to get more and more diluted from a from an aggregate view it's already
yeah for a data and we are conscious that yeah with moving to a new sense and that's with
the existing census by the way like moving to a new census space it's going to make it
put pressures on still how we collect ethnicity data and it's something that we are often advocating
for to ensure that we have good strong ethnicity data so that we can understand identity but also
understand drivers behind need as well I was particularly interested in a lot of the comments
around the education system and we've just had the Waitangi Tribunal inquiring into changes to
the curriculum both the NZC curriculum and Te Maroutanga and I can see some of the same
issues that are being raised there coming up for Pasifika children so for Māori 97 percent of
Tamariki Māori in English medium education how important it is to have within that curriculum
and within that system that sense of identity being able to see themselves and what they're
being taught and yeah the learning that's happening there it also makes me think about
from our ECE level and I know that we have some Pasifika ECE
we are oversubscribed in Kohanga Reo and a need for that to grow and you're talking about a really
young demographic here is there more that you could expand on in terms of that education
not only in the language that they say they want to be learning in both languages but also through
into the compulsory education sector in the first instance we'd probably use this document to talk
about some of the perspectives with the Ministry of Education what I have been excited by recently
and I don't know if you've had the opportunity to visit the Sisters United Academy this is a charter
school operating out of the Alexandra Raceway already it has over a hundred women in years nine
and year 10 formative years where they are led by Pasifika teachers Pasifika Kopapa
and the opening was they've worked on the opening for the first term as well as the academic achievements
but the strength of their identity was really significant and the safety and pastoral care
that was offered that was visible between the teachers and their students
and made me feel a little bit jealous that I didn't get the opportunity to participate in an education
program like that myself not that my parents would have let me do that
they probably would have seen it as too too much performance and not enough academic
but for this cohort I could see you know really visible strong sense of
identity and there is I would have no doubt that this would translate into academic achievement
so I can't answer the wider question but to point you to places where you see
this thriving and I would recommend a visit to the Sisters United Academy
and I suppose that highlights perhaps an issue with our English medium schooling system where
that isn't provided yet and so you have a community looking at either a charter school
or a special character school to be able to respond to that need
with the early childhood education it's complex because early childhood education
and language nests often the focus is on preservation of the language and that's amazing
and sometimes the early childhood education that comes secondary to the language so it offers a place for
often our matua to find employment and to speak the language but then they put all the kids to
sleep at the same time and they may have practices that wouldn't be seen by some
as being up with early childhood good early childhood education practice
conversely then you get a centre that has really good early childhood education absolutely no
ability to harness the language and I think this will be a policy dilemma for us as parents needs
in some areas the cohort that we're talking about really parents the 15 year olds the 16 year olds
they're already parents and this is not to judge them often they come from parents who I interviewed
some and was also I would be the same age as your parent and then it dawned on me that I'm the
same age as their grandparents and you know bordering on great grandparents so
um these are people that want their children to align to a strong identity
and one that accommodates for the very diverse needs of our community
my name um I do think there's a desire for culturally appropriate responses in education
it's just going to be a bit more difficult because it's not one culture it's not Maori
or Pacific it is morning and Pacific so how when you're talking about bilingualism
how do you incorporate that in schools how do you incorporate which values so
it's just a discussion that we will bring attention to our counterparts in education
I suppose to build on this it's not just what will they say to two cultures but it's
these multiple cultures multiple languages and the resourcing that's right there's
a quote in the report it says I don't want to just identify one ethnicity what about the other seven
it's all right pretty well the mind I have as well just it's it is a strength like I think
countries or jurisdictions that embrace cross-cultural capability actually as a strength
research shows that there is a strong correlation to greater innovation greater trust greater
productivity so it's more about how we embrace it as a positive thing oh yeah I can see it amongst
our athletes with John Whakapapa many of them are influencers you know and you can just see
it they are absolutely thriving in all of their Whakapapa beautiful to see yeah yeah
I think we've seen of um the questioning phase is sort of drawing to a close but
any other sort of key points that we haven't touched on in the oral here and I'd like to
emphasise thank you for your openness to listening to our long-term insights briefing and the opportunity
to bring some of that to life oh sorry I do have one more go for it sorry we're ready
um we have this briefing this morning from the Helen Clark Foundation and I know you'll have
talked about a particularly young cohort but they were talking about a lot of the
challenges that we've got with our ageing population and given my own experience with
whanau Whakapapa and this is you know back to four greats grandparents so there are some quite elderly
ones in that um they they talked about you know the provision of care um and what Māori and
tend to not go into um uh retirement villages rest homes they can be more in community
in whanau was there anything that you had around that or did you just focus on the younger group
I think um in relation to that report there are two things that really stand out is really
important the drop in trust in government um and how do we work towards that and the
issues around social cohesion which do include the intergenerational the transfer of knowledge and care
um we know that Pacifica and Māori tend to look after their elderly if they stop doing that there's
going to be a significant cost to our country um and largely because it's not these people that are
um going to be elderly I have a supplementary that's all
so one of the things that we talked about and was emphasised in that report was that
we need a lot more small houses for elderly people and it was something I thought about at the time
was isn't that a little bit culturally narrow like a lot of our communities actually share
housing and it is very lonely being in all these little houses and so when we're planning
in that way for housing for the elderly do you think we have to be cognizant of a whole lot of
cultures which have kind of got it right and they are more um they do actually need bigger
spaces and more connection with each other and they need to be intergenerational
that's such a big question I'm sorry for one minute it's been an interesting day yeah yes
and I'm reluctant to answer it because I will give an answer that doesn't do justice to the
complexity of the issue yeah um particularly because of the dynamics of the community
so I'd suppose then from us something to pick up from those two reports is that connection around
it and I agree with Helen I was kind of like oh I'm smaller single but what about intergenerational
and so that we're actually talking about larger and I know that some of our state houses have
been built and provide for that so um they have their own space but they're part of a
a bigger one but yeah how do where is that need how do we plan for that what does that
spread look like across the country so maybe something to look into how this
roof that feeds into that strategy that needs to be developed if you get a chance I would
recommend having a look at the alfade alfade project which has been based and designed
around a Pacific village concept and so the houses are designed with multiple adaptable spaces
and it is very much like a village with it with a shared family space in Poteira
the schools also are like that isn't it the college is based around a Bali system
might I add just one point just in relation to universal solutions don't apply they're not
useful in general so to be more targeted around service design or whatever you're offering in terms
of the production of houses um you do need to take into account um just how people behave
and that's driven by ethnicities and it's driven by a dual ethnicity here so
definitely one size fits all would not um be an effective way to design a solution
no one last question for me no yes just and it's just probably um from what Willow
Jean was saying in the select committee briefing that we had this morning
did in any of your conversations with this young cohort did they talk about their
I mean you talked about embracing wisdom and I'm quite sure that is so
did they talk about their old ones did they talk about how they saw their old ones
and what do they think of their old ones you know I yeah did they talk about them
did they see what um what they envisage for their old ones their older
far now older probably um in some instances and I can't uh recall anything specifically but
I guess it was more the way of knowing that they didn't separate themselves out here but
um they're likely and what we can do is is have a look and come in because I I guess what I want to
say to that is that in in the discovery of more that you discover when there's airing is that they
are a critical um uh element to their tupuna so if they're mokopuna the word tupuna which is
that punna punna which is a spring eh so they are they are so intrinsically connected they are the source
that keeps them alive because my mokopuna I'm going to stay alive as long as I possibly can
because they will keep you know there's that practical engagement which is when we're talking
about intergenerational I didn't even know there was a word I know intergenerational is the word
now and it's very popular but we just called it whanaui it was an ordinary way of living
so I and I wondered if our young ones recognize talk and see them in that space because their job
will be to keep people my own life as long as possible and all that thank you thank you sorry
miss thank you very very very well said um thanks um I appreciate it thanks for you and your team
saw it thank you thank you very much